Mention single and rule-based symbols of 3D rendering (#5373)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

=======================

|3d| The :guilabel:`3D View` tab provides settings for vector layers that should
be depicted in the :ref:`3D Map view <label_3dmapview>` tool.

To display a layer in 3D, select from the combobox at the top of the tab, either:

* :guilabel:`Single symbol`: features are rendered using a common symbol whose
  properties can be :ref:`data-defined <data_defined>` or not
* :guilabel:`Rule-based`: multiple symbol configurations can be defined and applied

>   selectively on the base of expression filters and scale range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  selectively based on expression filters and scale range.
```
